now your task is huge . at the form page add feature or a button asking the user do he wanna add meeting schudule in the form that means who ever submits a form if he want to  he can book a schudule meeting , so when the  form creater gives the option to select meeting schudule , the people who is submits they will get option to book schudule meeting at a time means he will get otions book call for 1 hour , the avble time will be from the form creaters free time , means in which time he dont have any task to do bettwen his selected day start to day end . user who submits the form he will get the option to book meeting like calendly. means user frendly view , when the user submits the form he will get a mail on his email with the meeting link. that means if he wanna scdule a meething he must out a email. the email will send to the form submiter  from the form creaters mail. and most importent thing is that when the form submiter submits the meeting that time will be book as a task with some nomal info in the from cretoers calender, so that when e sees his calender he can see what are his main tasks and meeting time.for meeting before the meeting time both the form creator and the submitoer will get a mail with the meeting url and the mail will send from the form creatoers mail. the meeting url will be create instently after the user submits form . the meeting will be create from the livekit which is in this crm. every info will be appare in the crm like the meeting url and etc all will be add to the crm as info. the meeting book in the users calnder he cannot move it. it will be stuck on that place if he trys to move it will not. he can delete the meeting so when he delete the task in calander the meeting room also gets delete (which i created automaticly from the form submition via livekit) and also a mail will be sent to both the form submiter and the form createor saying that the meeting that time is being canceld.and make the livekit more sommoth means it should not mark havy on my vps , thats why every meeting should have end time at the end time the meeting will automaticly gets deleted. remember here any kind of email send mentioned all ganna be sent from the form creatoer mail.

